151. Reverse Words in a String
Hello everyone I am back with another LeetCode problem attempt. I am feeling a bit under the weather because I was busy learning how to drive a car under the scorching sun. I have decided to give competitive programming a try tonight will be my first codeforces contest I do not how it will go since I have yet to do any intensive preparation for it. Well I will find out soon enough. Anyway lets continue with today's problem.
I have been given that a word is any sequence of letters without space in between them. My main objective is to return a string of the words in reverse order concatenated by a single space. Here as given in the examples I have to NOT reverse the letters but to reverse the order of the words.
Pseudocode 1:
-Split the string across the whitespace 
-Strip each word of its leading and trailing whitespaces
-Now we just reverse the order the words appear in 
Code 1:
strl=s.split()
strlnew=[]
for i in strl:
	i=i.strip(" ")
for j in range(len(strl)):
	a=strl.pop()
 	strlnew.append(a)
return  " ".join(strlnew)
This my brute force solution time and space complexity O(N) and O(N) respectively. Possible optimizations include me removing the two lists and maybe finding a new logic so that I can avoid writing two for loops.
Code 2:
strl=s.split()
strlnew=[]
for i in  range(len(strl)):
            a=strl.pop().strip(" ")
            strlnew.append(a)
return " ".join(strlnew)
The time and space complexity remains the same as before technically but because I have removed a for loop this code works extremely better than the last one in terms of time needed for execution.
Today was a quick one and funnily enough this was  my first medium question attempt on leetcode. Best part is I was in and out 40 minutes. I feel great knowing I did not put a single foot wrong here today although that only serves to boost my ego. Real learning happens when I make mistakes. Today was not one of those days but yes I will enjoy this small victory for now. See y'all tomorrow.
Signing off-
Sharat Doddihal